README.md, before:

# Gulp-Smartling
![Release](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@aquafadas/gulp-smartling.svg) ![License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@aquafadas/gulp-smartling.svg) ![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@aquafadas/gulp-smartling.svg) ![Dependencies](https://img.shields.io/david/aquafadas-com/gulp-smartling.svg) ![Code quality](https://img.shields.io/codacy/grade/a694355860834f91b2072e49b2825106.svg) ![Build](https://img.shields.io/travis/aquafadas-com/gulp-smartling.svg)

[Gulp.js](http://gulpjs.com) tasks dedicated to the synchronization of translations with the [Smartling](https://www.smartling.com) service, based on the [File API v1](http://docs.smartling.com/pages/API/v1/FileAPI).

## Getting Started
If you haven't used [Gulp.js](http://gulpjs.com) before, be sure to check out the [related documentation](https://github.com/gulpjs/gulp/blob/master/docs/README.md), as it explains how to create a `gulpfile.js` as well as install and use plugins.
Once you're familiar with that process, you may install the provided Gulp tasks with this command:

```shell
$ npm install --save-dev @aquafadas/gulp-smartling
```

Once the build tasks have been installed, they may be enabled inside your `gulpfile.js`.

## Tasks

#### Download the message translations from the Smartling service
This task takes a file pattern as input, indicating the target path of the downloaded files.
The `{{locale}}` placeholder will be replaced by the locale of each file.

```javascript
const gulp = require('gulp');
const smartling = require('@aquafadas/gulp-smartling');

gulp.task('i18n:download', smartling.download('path/to/i18n/{{locale}}.json', {
  apiKey: 'MyApiKey',  // The Smartling API key.
  fileUri: '/Gulp-Smartling/messages.json', // The file URL.
  includeOriginalStrings: false, // Whether to return the original string when no translation is available.
  locales: ['es-ES', 'fr-FR', 'ja-JP', 'zh-CN'], // The locales to be downloaded.
  projectId: 'FooBar', // The project identifier.
  retrievalType: smartling.RetrievalType.PUBLISHED // The retrieval type.
}));
```

#### Upload the message source to the Smartling service
This task takes a file path as input, specifying the message source to be uploaded.

```javascript
const gulp = require('gulp');
const smartling = require('@aquafadas/gulp-smartling');

gulp.task('i18n:upload', smartling.upload('path/to/i18n/en-US.json', {
  apiKey: 'MyApiKey', // The Smartling API key.
  authorize: false, // Whether to authorize the file content in all locales.
  callbackUrl: null, // URL of the callback called when the file is 100% published for a locale.
  fileType: smartling.FileType.JSON, // The file type.
  fileUri: '/Gulp-Smartling/messages.json', // The file URL.
  projectId: 'FooBar' // The project identifier.
}));
```

## See Also
- [Code Quality](https://www.codacy.com/app/aquafadas/gulp-smartling)
- [Continuous Integration](https://travis-ci.org/aquafadas-com/gulp-smartling)

## License
[Gulp-Smartling](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@aquafadas/gulp-smartling) is distributed under the Apache License, version 2.0.

Commit message:

Added a notice about required/optional properties

README.md, after:

# Gulp-Smartling
![Release](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@aquafadas/gulp-smartling.svg) ![License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@aquafadas/gulp-smartling.svg) ![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@aquafadas/gulp-smartling.svg) ![Dependencies](https://img.shields.io/david/aquafadas-com/gulp-smartling.svg) ![Code quality](https://img.shields.io/codacy/grade/a694355860834f91b2072e49b2825106.svg) ![Build](https://img.shields.io/travis/aquafadas-com/gulp-smartling.svg)

[Gulp.js](http://gulpjs.com) tasks dedicated to the synchronization of translations with the [Smartling](https://www.smartling.com) service, based on the [File API v1](http://docs.smartling.com/pages/API/v1/FileAPI).

## Getting Started
If you haven't used [Gulp.js](http://gulpjs.com) before, be sure to check out the [related documentation](https://github.com/gulpjs/gulp/blob/master/docs/README.md), as it explains how to create a `gulpfile.js` as well as install and use plugins.
Once you're familiar with that process, you may install the provided Gulp tasks with this command:

```shell
$ npm install --save-dev @aquafadas/gulp-smartling
```

Once the build tasks have been installed, they may be enabled inside your `gulpfile.js`.

## Tasks
All file-based tasks require at three properties:

- `apiKey: string` : The Smartling API key.
- `fileUri: string` : A value that uniquely identifies the remote file.
- `projectId: string` : The project identifier.

The other properties are optional.

#### Download the message translations from the Smartling service
This task takes a file pattern as input, indicating the target path of the downloaded files.
The `{{locale}}` placeholder will be replaced by the locale of each file.

```javascript
const gulp = require('gulp');
const smartling = require('@aquafadas/gulp-smartling');

gulp.task('i18n:download', smartling.download('path/to/i18n/{{locale}}.json', {
  apiKey: 'MyApiKey',  // The Smartling API key.
  fileUri: '/Gulp-Smartling/messages.json', // The file URL.
  includeOriginalStrings: false, // Whether to return the original string when no translation is available.
  locales: ['es-ES', 'fr-FR', 'ja-JP', 'zh-CN'], // The locales to be downloaded.
  projectId: 'FooBar', // The project identifier.
  retrievalType: smartling.RetrievalType.PUBLISHED // The retrieval type.
}));
```

#### Upload the message source to the Smartling service
This task takes a file path as input, specifying the message source to be uploaded.

```javascript
const gulp = require('gulp');
const smartling = require('@aquafadas/gulp-smartling');

gulp.task('i18n:upload', smartling.upload('path/to/i18n/en-US.json', {
  apiKey: 'MyApiKey', // The Smartling API key.
  authorize: false, // Whether to authorize the file content in all locales.
  callbackUrl: null, // URL of the callback called when the file is 100% published for a locale.
  fileType: smartling.FileType.JSON, // The file type.
  fileUri: '/Gulp-Smartling/messages.json', // The file URL.
  projectId: 'FooBar' // The project identifier.
}));
```

## See Also
- [Code Quality](https://www.codacy.com/app/aquafadas/gulp-smartling)
- [Continuous Integration](https://travis-ci.org/aquafadas-com/gulp-smartling)

## License
[Gulp-Smartling](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@aquafadas/gulp-smartling) is distributed under the Apache License, version 2.0.
